doc: fix grammar and punctuation in dgram documentation (#64957)
nodejs/node: doc/api/dgram.md

A bound datagram socket keeps the Node.js process running to receive
datagram messages.

> If binding fails, an `'error'` event is generated. In a rare case (e.g.,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If binding fails, an `'error'` event is generated. In rare cases (e.g.,
```

"In rare cases" matches many including an offered example

"In a rare case" would need to be one case only

A bound datagram socket keeps the Node.js process running to receive
datagram messages.

> If binding fails, an `'error'` event is generated. In a rare case (e.g.,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If binding fails, an `'error'` event is generated. In rare cases (e.g.,
```
